adding root service account paragraph (#140)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/identity-and-access-management/service-account-management.md

Mia-Platform Console allows the creation of Service Accounts, which are typically used for automated processes or to allow a service to access resources on behalf of multiple Users.  

> Just like human Users, Service Accounts can be assigned Roles at Console, Company, Project or Runtime Environment level, based on which they will be able to perform different types of action.  

Author: ```suggestion
Just like human users, service accounts can be assigned roles at Console, Company, Project or Runtime Environment levels, according to which they can perform different types of actions.
```

  </div>
</div>

## Managing Service Accounts independent from the Company

It is possible to create Company-independent service accounts in case you need to give them root-level permissions to perform root-level operations.

Only Console Super Users with administrative capabilities can add or delete service accounts independent from the Company, since they are the only ones who can assign root-level permissions to identities. Note that Company-independent service accounts with assigned root-level permissions are only visible and manageable at back-office level, and they will never be visible from a Company Identities portal.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe it's better to write this down as an info box

  </div>
</div>

## Managing Service Accounts independent from the Company

It is possible to create Company-independent service accounts in case you need to give them root-level permissions to perform root-level operations.

:::info
Only Console Super Users with administrative capabilities can add or delete service accounts independent from the Company, since they are the only ones who can assign root-level permissions to identities. Note that Company-independent service accounts with assigned root-level permissions are only visible and manageable at back-office level, and they will never be visible from a Company Identities portal.

> :::

Author: ```suggestion
:::

```

  </div>
</div>

## Managing Service Accounts independent from the Company

> It is possible to create Company-independent service accounts in case you need to give them root-level permissions to perform root-level operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Root Service Accounts are a special kind of Company-independent Service Accounts with root-level permissions granted and thus can perform root-level operations.
```

:::info
Only Console Super Users with administrative capabilities can add or delete service accounts independent from the Company, since they are the only ones who can assign root-level permissions to identities. Note that Company-independent service accounts with assigned root-level permissions are only visible and manageable at back-office level, and they will never be visible from a Company Identities portal.
:::

### Creating Root Service Accounts

In order to create a new Root Service Account, you need to contact the `/api/service-accounts` endpoint.

You will need to provide the following parameters in the body:

- `tokenEndpointAuthMethod`: `client_secret_basic` or `private_key_jwt`.
- `publicKey` (optional): only necessary if you choose `private_key_jwt` as an authentication method. Read [Adding a new Service Account](#adding-a-new-service-account) for further information.
- `name`: the Root Service Account name.

> - `permissions`: a list of permissions to assign to the Service Account, separed by a comma. See [Console levels and permission management](/docs/development_suite/identity-and-access-management/console-levels-and-permission-management.md) for a reference of the available permissions.

Author: ```suggestion
- `permissions`: a list of permissions to assign to the Service Account, separated by a comma. See [Console levels and permission management](/docs/development_suite/identity-and-access-management/console-levels-and-permission-management.md) for a reference of the available permissions.
```

> - `permissions`: a list of permissions to assign to the Service Account, separated by a comma. See [Console levels and permission management](/docs/development_suite/identity-and-access-management/console-levels-and-permission-management.md) for a reference of the available permissions.

Author: ```suggestion
- `permissions`: a list of permissions to assign to the Service Account, separated by a comma. See [Console levels and permission management](/development_suite/identity-and-access-management/console-levels-and-permission-management.md) for a reference of the available permissions.
```

To authenticate your request, you will need to provide your access token and the Console client key.

Here is an example of cURL request for creating a Root Service Account with the `client_secret_basic` authentication method:

```shell
curl --location --request POST 'http://[my-console-url]/api/service-accounts' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --header 'Client-key: [console-client-key]' \
    --header 'Authorization: Bearer [my-access-token]'
    --data '{
        "name": "Example Service Account",
        "permissions": ["console.root.user.bind", "console.root.user.manage"],
        "tokenEndpointAuthMethod": "client_secret_basic"
    }'
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "clientId": "[clientId]",
  "clientSecret": "[clientSecret]",
  "clientIdIssuedAt": 1681984988
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

:::warning
Remember to store in a secure place both the `clientId` and `clientSecret` as those will be needed to authenticate requests from the Service Account.
:::

```

### Deleting Root Service Accounts

> In order to delete a Root Service Account, you need to contact the `/api/service-accounts/{clientId}` endpoint, with the `clientId` obtained from the creation response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To delete a Root Service Account, you need to contact the `/api/service-accounts/{clientId}` endpoint, providing the `clientId` obtained from the creation response.
```

  </div>
</div>

## Managing Company-independent Service Accounts

> Root Service Accounts are a special kind of Company-independent Service Accounts that can be assigned permissions to perform [root-level operations](//development_suite/identity-and-access-management/console-levels-and-permission-management.md#console-root-level-permissions).

Author: ```suggestion
Root service accounts are a special kind of Company-independent service accounts that can be assigned permissions to perform [root-level operations](/development_suite/identity-and-access-management/console-levels-and-permission-management.md#console-root-level-permissions).
```

:::info
Only Console Super Users with administrative capabilities can add or delete service accounts independent from the Company, since they are the only ones who can assign root-level permissions to identities. Note that Company-independent service accounts with assigned root-level permissions are only visible and manageable at back-office level, and they will never be visible from a Company Identities portal.
:::

### Creating Root Service Accounts

> In order to create a new Root Service Account, you need to contact the `/api/service-accounts` endpoint.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to create a new Root service account, you need to contact the `/api/service-accounts` endpoint.
```

You will need to provide the following parameters in the body:

- `tokenEndpointAuthMethod`: `client_secret_basic` or `private_key_jwt`.
- `publicKey` (optional): only necessary if you choose `private_key_jwt` as an authentication method. Read [Adding a new Service Account](#adding-a-new-service-account) for further information.
- `name`: the Root Service Account name.

> - `permissions`: a list of permissions to assign to the Service Account, separated by a comma. See [Console levels and permission management](/development_suite/identity-and-access-management/console-levels-and-permission-management.md) for a reference of the available permissions.

Author: ```suggestion
- `permissions`: a list of permissions to assign to the service account, separated by a comma. See [Console levels and permission management](/development_suite/identity-and-access-management/console-levels-and-permission-management.md) for a reference of the available permissions.
```

To authenticate your request, you will need to provide your access token and the Console client key.

> Here is an example of cURL request for creating a Root Service Account with the `client_secret_basic` authentication method:

Author: ```suggestion
Here is an example of cURL request for creating a Root service account with the `client_secret_basic` authentication method:
```
